Reactivating our body together with joy and devotion. We practice it tonight. It is not just for
only ourselves or for some small purpose or reasons.
I really think we are doing this ceremony for all world. All the beings of six realms, bring them
peace, happiness, joy, remove suffering, difficulty, troubles, conflicts,
and pacifying all those unbalanced situations. So we really kind of cooperate with each other in
the devotion.
There we have the power and the blessings of our greatest mother, H.H. Insoja. She is H.H.Insoja is
a living Buddha.
It is not just a cave in the ground. He is living Buddha right now.
He appeared in the form of many different emanations. Dharmakaya level, Sambokaya level, and namak
aya level.
And he is namakaya Buddha, a living Buddha. Great Master, so often said, he is the mostly greatest
kindness mother who guides all the practitioners,
particularly practicing Vadiyana practices. So today we are reconnecting, reactivating to this very
kindness, compassion mother.
So it is a great job in the appreciation and with the devotion. And then the child also is ignorant
.
Every child is not just a child that can walk, they are wandering on by their lips. But it is seen
from heart.
And this is also meditation words. Each time we connect the meaning to the heart and be in this
status.
And that is the very high form of the meditation, according to Vadiyana.
Immediately you are talking to the core of the true nature of reality, absolute level and relative
level.
We are actuating to the enlightened states. So it is just really wonderful, beautiful, powerful.
And to dispel all the hesitation, doubts and all those jawari fabrications.
And coming to the right where we live, where we all belong. So all those, you all know this.
So I just remind you, I am reminding to myself, reminding to you all.
And with this now we begin to practice. Again with bodhicitta, sambhavi citta, bodhicitta and
devotion.
And then we begin.